okay just going to show you
there are videos out there and what have
you a lot of a muck about this fun
things like heat shrink we've got
building the kitchen put the catalan and
replacing it with a cigarette lighters
and one of you and you don't need to so
the first thing is to just put your
phrase get yourself a nice braised put
it through the order book there make
yourself a nice big loop don't worry
about excess braden wavey wheeler or be
trimmed down okay go around a few times
rabbit three or four times that's goes
too many times around especially with
modern braised amaya who this is
actually my own and use whatever up
whatever run knots that you like because
like I says nothing in the world Porter
says you've got to use a certain typing
off that's a straightforward for blood
lot there and that's made my loop okay
keeping things too much is simple and
then yeah it feels super group don't
want results like a great deal on this
just a little bit sad just lay it run on
to the not okay all right a little blog
and you've got careful you don't stick
your fingers together and just let that
source a bit by a bit under excess run
it up off the excess we'll see not their
natural looking stiff and that means
then I can all that in my fingers so
that's right very quickly and I just put
my
scissors on there step out my teeth and
I get to that okay and then just roll
out around two but I lovely finished not
and it's not gonna splode and it means
then that won't change in phase two
o'clock in the morn at sort of 3 i've
got a lovely loop to work with and a lot
of clothes there loops like slips up in
order where they spread it on wasn't any
got going to refight all again and throw
out a new great but sir not me i look
together reusing sort of very quick
change okay here we go again so you got
the hook bring the hook back up again
make a loop and then full-blood not
okay I'll go around three times and then
make sure you put the loop back through
there this is the hair who's coming back
through the routine is definitely since
I twist it's straightforward full
standard red not I know you could decide
where you're going to set the hair
consider what sort of space you want to
use i mean i can use like you know I
could use a couple of nuts on there or
can put maybe a couple of voyages on
maybe like I said just anyway because
I'm gonna put silicone rubber on I don't
use each shrink okay if you're not
conscious like that just slipped a bit
stiff along they're not up there got any
burning okay and then just say it breed
back up
you're looking at roughly I was wrong
you want to rig itself so you don't need
to get too over the top with it I mean
if they keeping things simple is always
the key to success that's nice about
that okay and then I just go put my yet
bills shut up and Shubin on there and
then and I come on for that like that
okay got that down there all the fees
tickets rizal ever say there's a lot of
carp in the world is that even if these
Hattie tricks it's so subtle these are
the bait actually that I love using the
arrow operates because it means that the
fates going to react naturally you don't
want to save you you can use like stiffs
different brazen with plastic on and
Manos and things like that but the
trouble with those is is to say if it
feels differently the carp is good up
saying oh I you know if it's all g and
then we will leave it alone where is
this they ain't got to come along
there's a matter what direction they
come in suck at the fates and the break
so subtle there you go to BHS debate
just be a civil naturally okay and then
just pop your
maybe not you use in to pop it on right
and that's to swivel that's on and then
we've got a rig silicon rubber that
action I can decide now if anyone wanted
to I can push that down over the look
and I can actually shorten that up if I
y tu as I say and also because it's got
bitter memory in there from Europe where
it's caught up keep a nice blend in the
back and what it loaded is even more
effective you don't be a big pencil and
a thief has you know cities are quiet
Joey just pinged over there and again
corpses countless ekta they got very
very sick every set skin men and let
lips in my view there always are on the
folder as they can't see actually what
they're picking up after sowing they
swim around have a look and obviously a
murky water is even better because then
they're just using their scent sense of
smell them I could say and this rig is
not caught up in the world that can be
set laughs and there we go that's the
hair rig very simple very effective and
unfortunate all this water the ills in
the Breen they also know how to handle
their roots and so set of meter a lot of
changes in that so that's the basic area
we'll catch you later guys see you again